# Full changelog from version `1.3.7.2` to `1.4.0`.

----------

'wildcard_hunger_randomize_interval', 'wildcard_mobswap_start_spawn_delay' and 'wildcard_mobswap_end_spawn_delay' configs are now ACTUALLY in seconds, not in ticks.

----------

Fixed some scaled textures not being properly cut off.<br>
When a zombie gets revived in Wild Life by killing a dark green, the message that shows they gained a life now properly shows up.<br>
Added the 'wildcard_superpowers_disable_intro_theme' Wild Life config. Default value is false.

----------

Added the ability to set your in-game hearts color based on the number of lives you have (or rather your team color).<br>
This is controlled by the clien-side 'colored_hearts' config. Default value is false.<br>
Works with all 16 possible team colors.<br>
Added the 'colored_hearts_hardcore_last_life' client-side config. Default value is true.<br>
Added the 'colored_hearts_hardcore_all_lives' client-side config. Default value is false.

----------

Watchers can no longer be soulmates.<br>
Zombies no longer lose their items in between revives.<br>
Zombies no longer sometimes spawn without full health

----------

Added the StringListConfigEntry config type, which only allows certain string values in its list. (similar to item/block config entries, just more flexible)<br>
Added the 'wildcard_callback_wildcards_blacklist' Wild Life config entry. Default value is '[hunger]'.<br>
Fixed a bug in the config gui where text field config entries sometimes would not allow you to save changes even if they didn't have an error value.

----------

Snails and Trivia Bots can no longer go through nether (and end) portals.<br>
Added the 'wildcard_superpowers_power_blacklist' Wild Life config, which allows you to prevent some powers from showing up from randomizations. Default value is '[]'.

----------

Added the 'breakup_last_pair_standing' Double Life config. Default value is false.<br>
Added the 'disable_start_teleport' Double Life config. Default value is false.<br>
Added the 'soulbound_locator_bar' Double Life config. Default value is false.

----------

Added the 'boogeyman_infinite' global config. After a boogeyman has been cured, a new one will be selected if there is more than 30 minutes in the session. Default value is false.<br>
Added the 'boogeyman_infinite_last_pick' global config. Controls how long before the end of session the infinite boogey picking will stop, in seconds. Default value is 1800 (30 minutes).

----------

Session transcripts now get saved in a folder `./transcripts`.<br>
Session transcripts now track gifted lives and hearts, and starting and ending health in Secret Life.<br>
Colored hearts now work in Secret Life.

----------

Resourcepacks are now marked as compatible with all the versions.<br>
Removed the client-side Secret Life resourcepack, all of its functionality is now handled elsewhere.<br>
Added the red task totem texture to Secret Life.

----------

Added Past Life.<br>
Added a new info screen when Past Life is selected, saying that there's a separate project on modrinth if you want to play with the versions aspect of Past Life.

----------

Wild Life animal disguise is no longer broken with Fresh Animations.<br>
Setting the last life min lives to >= the max lives no longer crashes the game.

----------

Added the '/boogeyman count' command.<br>
Added the 'only_take_lives_in_session' global config. Default value is false.

----------

Added the 'givelife_can_revive' global config. Default value is false.<br>
Added the 'see_friendly_invisible_players' global config. Default value is false.<br><br>
Added the 'wildcard_callback_turn_off' Wild Life config. Default value is 75%.<br>
Added the 'wildcard_hunger_nutrition_chance' Wild Life config. Default value is 40%.<br>
Added the 'wildcard_hunger_saturation_chance' Wild Life config. Default value is 50%.<br>
Added the 'wildcard_hunger_effect_chance' Wild Life config. Default value is 65%.<br>
Added the 'wildcard_hunger_avg_effect_duration' Wild Life config. Default value is 10 (seconds).

----------

Added the 'soulbound_boogeyman' Double Life config. Default value is false.

----------

Red players can now become boogeymen in Limited Life (non-reds have priority)<br>
Added the 'show_login_command_info' global config, which controls whether the command info message shows up when players login. Default value is true.<br>
Players hidden from the tab list using the config now show up in commands (requires the mod to be client-side).

----------

Disabling the boogeyman while a session is active now removes existing boogeymen.<br>
Improved Secret Life task selection.

----------

Added the Secret Society.<br>
Configs: `secret_society`, `secret_society_member_amount`, `secret_society_start_time`, `secret_society_force`, `secret_society_ignore`, `secret_society_words`, `secret_society_punishment_lives`, `secret_society_kills_required`

----------

Reworked Session Actions.<br>
Bug Fixes.

----------

The 'only_take_lives_in_session' config now works in Limited Life.<br>
Wild Life zombies now show up in the tab list even if the 'tab_list_show_dead_players' is turned off.<br>
Refactored command permission handling.

----------

Added the 'boogeyman_advanced_deaths' global config. Default value is false (except in Past Life).

----------

The '/snail names get' command can now accept multiple targets.<br>
Added the 'hide_unjustified_kills' global config. Default value is false.<br>
Players without the Simple Voice Chat mod client-side now cannot get the trivia bot voice punishment or the listening superpower.

----------

Wild Life zombies no longer show up as just floating heads when the 'tab_list_show_dead_players' is set to false.<br>
Boogeymen can no longer cure themselves by killing another player after the session ends or when they have already failed.<br>
Advanced boogyeman deaths now work even if the 'only_take_lives_in_session' config is turned on.<br>
Advanced boogeyman deaths now work in Limited Life.<br>
Secret Society punishment now works in Limited Life. (dropped to next life color).<br>
Added the message after Boogeyman deaths to Past Life.<br>
Advanced deaths order is now random (except you can't have two of the same death in a row).<br>
The Secret Society session action is no queued even if it's disabled.<br>
Limited Life lives counter is now synced with the session timer.

----------

New config entries now have the 'New' text next to them.<br>
Bug Fixes.

----------

Improved advanced death randomizer.<br>
Added the 'boogeyman_infinite_auto_fail' global config, which controls after how long a boogeyman will automatically fail when the infinite boogeymen option is turned on. Default value is 360000 (100 hours - so basically turned off).<br>
Secret Life red task texture can now show up even when the tasks first get selected.<br>
You can no longer get picked twice at the same time in infinite boogeyman mode.<br>
In Limited Life, when there are only red players, the boogeyman is now selected at random instead of always picking the same person.<br>
Fixed a bug where if a player was revived as a zombie, then gained a life, then died again, and got revived again, they would not lose their items.<br>
Advanced deaths no longer sometimes mess up if a player disconnects while they're happening.

----------

Improved Limited Life session time with lives sync.<br>
Limited Life red life boogeyman can now get properly cured by killing other players.<br>
When advanced boogeyman deaths are enabled in Limited Life, the text after them now shows up.<br>
Boogeymen can no longer fail a second time when the session ends.<br>
The Superspeed wildcard can no longer cause your fov to go over 150.<br>
Added the 'secret_society_sound_only_members' global config. Default value is false.<br>
Added an optional keybind to open the life series config.<br>
Reworked infinite boogeymen logic.